<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:forgeview="http://jboss.org/forge/view"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
	xmlns:fb="https://www.facebook.com/2008/fbml"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	template="/mail/welcomePageTemplate.xhtml">
	
	<f:metadata>
		<f:event type="preRenderView"
			listener="#{simpleLoginBean.checkIfLoginStatusIsTrue}" />
	</f:metadata>

	<ui:param name="pageTitle" value="Crear nuevo usuario" />

	<ui:define name="header">
		Usuario
	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="subheader">
		Crear nuevo usuario con Facebook
	</ui:define>

	<ui:define name="footer" />

	<ui:define name="main">
		<h:outputText value="Iniciar con Facebook:" />
		<h:form id="create">
			<a4j:region>
				<fb:login-button scope="email,publish_actions"
					onlogin="checkLoginState()">Instalar Cachuelos</fb:login-button>
				<div id="status"></div>
			</a4j:region>
			<h:inputHidden id="facebookid"
				value="#{simpleLoginBean.facebookidTmp}" binding="#{facebookid}" />
			<h:inputHidden id="facebooktoken"
				value="#{simpleLoginBean.facebooktokenTmp}"
				binding="#{facebooktoken}" />
			<h:inputHidden id="facebookemail"
				value="#{simpleLoginBean.facebookemailTmp}" 
				binding="#{facebookemail}"/>
			<p:commandButton id="btnrefreshfacebook" value="Refresh Facebook"
				action="#{simpleLoginBean.facebookCompleted(facebookid.value,facebooktoken.value,facebookemail.value)}"
				process="@this,facebookid,facebooktoken,facebookemail"
				style="display:none" />
		</h:form>
		<script>
			// This is called with the results from from FB.getLoginStatus().
	  		function statusChangeCallback(response) {
	  			var accessToken;
	  			var facebookUserID;
	    		console.log('statusChangeCallback');
	    		console.log(response);
	    	// The response object is returned with a status field that lets the
	    	// app know the current login status of the person.
	    	// Full docs on the response object can be found in the documentation
	    	// for FB.getLoginStatus().
	    	if (response.status === 'connected') {
	      // Logged into your app and Facebook.
	      testAPI();
	      accessToken = response.authResponse.accessToken;
	      facebookUserID = response.authResponse.userID;	      
	      document.getElementById('create:facebookid').value = facebookUserID;
	      document.getElementById('create:facebooktoken').value = accessToken;	      
	    } else if (response.status === 'not_authorized') {
	      // The person is logged into Facebook, but not your app.
	      document.getElementById('status').innerHTML = 'Por favor ingresa ' +
	        'a esta app.';
	    } else {
	      // The person is not logged into Facebook, so we're not sure if
	      // they are logged into this app or not.
	      document.getElementById('status').innerHTML = 'Por favor ingresa ' +
	        'a esta app.';
	    }
	  }

	  // This function is called when someone finishes with the Login
	  // Button.  See the onlogin handler attached to it in the sample
	  // code below.
	  function checkLoginState() {
	    FB.getLoginStatus(function(response) {
	      statusChangeCallback(response);
	    });
	  }

	  window.fbAsyncInit = function() {
	  FB.init({
	    appId      : '548974548583355',
	    cookie     : true,  // enable cookies to allow the server to access 
	                        // the session
	    xfbml      : true,  // parse social plugins on this page
	    version    : 'v2.2' // use version 2.2
	  });

	  // Now that we've initialized the JavaScript SDK, we call 
	  // FB.getLoginStatus().  This function gets the state of the
	  // person visiting this page and can return one of three states to
	  // the callback you provide.  They can be:
	  //
	  // 1. Logged into your app ('connected')
	  // 2. Logged into Facebook, but not your app ('not_authorized')
	  // 3. Not logged into Facebook and can't tell if they are logged into
	  //    your app or not.
	  //
	  // These three cases are handled in the callback function.

	  FB.getLoginStatus(function(response) {
	    statusChangeCallback(response);
	  });

	  };

	  // Load the SDK asynchronously
	  (function(d, s, id) {
	    var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
	    if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
	    js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
	    js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js";
	    fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
	  }(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));

	  // Here we run a very simple test of the Graph API after login is
	  // successful.  See statusChangeCallback() for when this call is made.
	  function testAPI() {
	    console.log('Bienvenido!  Recopilando tu info.... ');
	    FB.api('/me?fields=id,name,email', function(response) {
	      console.log('Ingreso satispactorio de: ' + response.name+ " "+response.email);
	      document.getElementById('create:facebookemail').value = response.email;
	      document.getElementById('create:btnrefreshfacebook').click();
	      document.getElementById('status').innerHTML =
	        'Gracias por registrarte, ' + response.name + '!';
	    });
	  }
	</script>
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>